# Roam Notes

This is my personal `org-roam` notes repository. If you don't know, Roam is an
interesting note-taking system where you associate information nodes (i.e.,
files or topics) with one another. This stands in stark contrast to most
note-taking systems, which favor hierarchies of information. Making information
hierarchical certainly makes nesting and parsing notes easier, but much is lost
when choosing such a simplistic approach. By treating your notes like a directed
graph, it becomes possible to reason about the connections between pieces of
information.

## org-roam

`org-roam` is an _implementation_ of the Roam note-taking system, utilizing Org
mode's powerful features to complement the information associating capabilities
of Roam. Thus, Org mode acts as the primary powerhouse for taking notes and
hierarchically organizing information within a single Roam node while Roam acts
as an intelligent association layer on top of Org mode that allows smart linking
of notes via links and back-links. `org-roam` also takes care of managing your
note files. All you have to do is point `org-roam` to the directory you want to
use as your Roam note database and `org-roam` takes care of the rest.

To get started with `org-roam`, you'll want to follow the instructions on its
GitHub page. You'll also want to be familiar with the basic concepts of Org mode
before jumping too deep into `org-roam`. GitHub page. You'll also want to be
familiar with the basic concepts of Org mode before jumping too deep into
`org-roam`. GitHub page. You'll also want to be familiar with the basic concepts
of Org mode before jumping too deep into `org-roam`. GitHub page. You'll also
want to be familiar with the basic concepts of Org mode before jumping too deep
into `org-roam`.